Hi everybody and welcome back and this lecture we're going to look at using a try except block to handle
the error that we saw in the last lecture.
The 0 division error.
So as we saw in The Last Lecture We cannot divide by zero.
So when we tried to print five divided by zero we got an error and there it is there are zero division
error.
Let's remove that.
So how can we handle that using a try except block.
Well we go try colon print.
So here's where we know the error is going to come up.
So whenever we think an error might occur we can write a try except block the handle exceptions that
we think might arise.
So we think this might arise in error so we're going to put in the try except block except what we have
here is our 0 0 division error.
There we go colon.
And what we want to happen if this error occurs.
What we wanted to say is you cannot divide by zero.
Here we go.
Print.
You don't have to put this in but I just put this in for completion sake print please enter an order
number.
OK.
There we go.
Let's roll this and see what happens.
OK.
You kind of divide by zero please and reduce the number.
So if this were part of a larger program our use would know to try and note a number other than zero
one more code follows a try except block the program or continue to run as we just seen here.
Please enter another number.
So that's how we can use a try except block to anticipate and help control errors.
Thanks for listening and I'll see you in the next lecture.